ngularJS ngView

`ngView` is a directive that complements the `$route` service by including the rendered template of the current route into the main layout (index.html) file. Every time the current route changes, the included view changes with it according to the configuration of the `$route` service.

## AngularJS Services

Angular services are substitutable objects that are wired together using dependency injection (DI). You can use services to organize and share code across your app.

Angular services are:

* Lazily instantiated – Angular only instantiates a service when an application component depends on it.
* Singletons – Each component dependent on a service gets a reference to the single instance generated by the service factory.

```js
myModule.controller('MyController', ['$location', function($location) { ... }]);
```

Services we'll look at

* $http
* $routeParams
* $location


The $http service is a core Angular service that facilitates communication with the remote HTTP servers via the browser's XMLHttpRequest object or via JSONP.

The $routeParams service allows you to retrieve the current set of route parameters.

The $location service parses the URL in the browser address bar (based on the window.location) and makes the URL available to your application. Changes to the URL in the address bar are reflected into $location service and changes to $location are reflected into the browser address bar.


## ngRoute Module

The ngRoute module provides routing and deeplinking services and directives for angular apps.
